/*
LTJS
NOLF2 LAUNCHER
English strings
*/

1 "No One Lives Forever 2"
2 "NOLF2.exe"
3 "The available display options on your system will now be enumerated.  This may take some time depending on what hardware is installed.\n\nIf nothing shows up in the display dialog, please verify that DirectX is installed properly on your system."
4 "WARNING!  Tinkering with the advanced options can cause the game to run worse (or not at all) depending on your system configuration."
5 "\\NOLF2.EXE"
6 "\\DATA\\GAME2.REZ"
7 "GAME"
8 "SETUP.EXE"
9 "NOLF2Svr.EXE"
10 "English"
11 "Please remove the No One Lives Forever Disc 2 from your drive and replace it with the No One Lives Forever Disc 1."
12 "Please insert the No One Lives Forever 2 Disc 1 into your drive."
13 "ERROR - Unable to launch the setup program.  Please make sure that your No One Lives Forever 2 CD is in the drive and try again."
14 "No renderers were found.  This problem is usually due to DirectX not being properly installed.  Please verify that DirectX is installed and try again.."
15 "This will disable all sound effects."
16 "This will disable the use of DirectMusic. Some sound cards may have incompatibilities with DirectMusic.  Use this for troubleshooting only."
17 "This will disable the logo and intro movies from playing."
18 "This will disable all atmospheric (not clipping plane) fog. There should be no performance increase or decrease. However, this might possibly be useful on cards that \"almost\" support table fog."
19 "This will disable all joysticks and gamepads.  Use this if your particular joystick is causing problems when the game starts."
20 "This will disable a feature on some video cards that can improve performance, but uses more of the card's video memory as a result.  Most AGP video cards benefit from this feature being enabled.  However, this may cause lock-ups on a few PCI video cards."
21 "This will disable the use of a hardware cursor. Some older cards do not support the hardware cursor."
22 "This will disable the use of an animated loading screen. Use this for troubleshooting."
23 "This restores all configuration settings to the original defaults. This includes resetting the key configuration, detail level and sound options. This is useful if you've changed settings, and you just want things back the way they were. "
24 "Advanced users only."
25 "ERROR - Unable to find the Game.rez file.  Please make sure that NOLF 2 is installed properly and that your No One Lives Forever 2 disc 1 CD is in the drive."
26 "ERROR - Could not launch LITHTECH.EXE.  Please make sure that No One Lives Forever 2 is installed properly."
27 "In order to get the best gameplay experience from No One Lives Forever 2, please select the initial performance setting you would like the game to use.  You can change this setting later using No One Lives Forever 2's in-game menus."
28 "Low detail will provide the best game performance at the sacrifice of visual quality.  Required System Specs:  PIII 500 MHz, 128MB Ram, 32MB GeForce 1 or equivalent video card."
29 "Medium detail will provide a good trade-off between game performance and visual quality.  Recommended System Specs:   PIII 1 GHz, 256MB Ram, 64MB GeForce 3 or equivalent video card."
30 "High detail will provide the best visual quality, but game performance may suffer on slower systems.  Recommended System Specs:   P4 2 GHz, 256MB Ram, 128MB GeForce 4 Ti or equivalent video card."
31 "ERROR - Unable to launch the stand-alone server.  Please verify that No One Lives Forever 2 is properly installed on your machine and try again."
32 "1.0"
33 "ERROR - Unable to uninstall the game. If No One Lives Forever 2 is still installed, try using add/remove programs. To reinstall the game, run the Setup.exe program from the No One Lives Forever 2 Disc 1."
34 "http://www.lith.com"
35 "ERROR - Unable to open a .avi file"
36 "http://www.foxinteractive.com"
37 "Disable Sound"
38 "Disable Music"
39 "Disable Movies"
40 "No One Lives Forever 2 (Official Demo)"
41 "Disable Joysticks"
42 "Disable Triplebuffering"
43 "Disable Hardware Cursor"
44 "Disable Animated Load Screens"
45 "Restore Defaults"
46 "Always pass command line arguments to the game"
47 "ERROR - Unable to create the No One Lives Forever 2 registry key!"
48 "No One Lives Forever 2 was successfully Installed!"
49 "No One Livers Forever 2 was successfully Uninstalled!"
50 "ERROR - Unable to launch a web browser!"
51 "Move your mouse over an option to obtain help on it."
52 "This will disable use of DirectSound 3D sound Hardware support."
53 "This will disable use of sound filter effects within the game."
54 "Disable Hardware Sound"
55 "Disable Sound Filters"
56 "ERROR - Unable to open the file launchcmds.txt for writing. Please make sure that this file is writable and try again."
57 "http://www.lithtech.com"
58 "http://www.sierra.com"
59 "ERROR - Unable to find any custom directories."
